--Checkout 

We have seen a series of checkout issues over the last quarter impacting some customers’ ability to complete their order. These issues range from error messages (‘Something went wrong’), to problems with OTP codes or general crashing and slowness. These have accounted for a large proportion of detractor comments: 

Tried to order multiple times, unable to follow link to own bank account to authorise transaction. Had to change payment card twice to ensure transaction processed

The app is ok but it’d be even better if I could pay with my bank account. The app just hangs when I enter my card number. I have to use my credit card and transfer.

app keeps crashing at checkout after time spent adding shopping. extremely frustrating

--Availability

Availability complaints have also been ongoing with many customers voicing frustrations about the differences between the online range vs. in-store. Others have complained about the lack of Smartprice lines on the site, especially those who are unable to get into stores to top up their shop with any Smartprice lines they may need. 

There were multiple times where I tried to search specifically for cheaper options/items that I know exist (Asda own brand products of which I have bought multiple times previously), and I feel that the search bar is deliberately hiding these options from me in order to only show me more expensive alternatives. It happened on multiple products: Asda shave blade refills, Asda bbq sauce, Smartprice Asda toilet cleaner - and this makes me feel the website / company is being more aggressive with its profitability through being more and more disingenuous. Please do not go down this road as you will loose customers and it will hurt your business long term. If it happens again I will be shopping elsewhere.

A lot of the smart price items are not listed online but are available in store. For customers who do not wish to shop in store this means we pay more because of lack of choice, this is discriminatory against people who have their food delivered. A lot of the search links are broken, e.g. I search for an item and the results have nothing to do with the search, if I go looking item by item, I can find it. Not a good experience!! Online customers should not be treated any different from in shop customers. Customers who shop online consist of the elderly and vulnerable members of society and I feel as if you are taking advantage by not making certain cheaper products available online!

